[Annalise] Previously on
How to Get Away with Murder...
They know everything.
I can offer you
and your son protection,
but I need information
in return.
We need the video.
Warden Sykes is the only one
who can sign off.
Give me all the security-cam
footage from your visitor's room
on this date.
-What is this?
-I'll tell you
who killed your father.
You just need to
return the favor.
Laurel, is that...?
My mother.
You called Paula Gladden,
the guard who lied about Nate
Senior reaching for her gun!
-This is all fake.
-There's a photo of you
meeting with him.
-Or are you gonna lie
about that, too?
-[cellphone rings]
-What?
-Emmett's not the lawyer
in the photo.
-Who is it?
-[Frank] Xavier Castillo.
Laurel's brother.
-[buzzer]
-[metal door creaks]
-Mr. Lahey.
-[metal door slams shut]
-You're not my lawyer.
-Not yet.
But I've been following
your case.
Please, sit.
Uh... There ain't no way
anybody's gonna poach me
from Annalise.
Ms. Keating did great work
on the class action,
no one's denying that.
She got me a big win
a-at the damn Supreme Court!
She got herself a win,
but your trial date
still hasn't been set.
No, she said that the judge
is gonna set that any day now.
That day may never come.
Bull.
You're leaving your future
in the hands of one woman
and a bunch of her law students.
I can offer you a team of
lawyers with endless resources.
We don't want you to end up
in some mental health hospital.
We want to get
your actual freedom.
Who sent you here?
-[chuckles]
-Come on, man.
I'm locked up with some of
the best conmen in the country.
You think I don't know when
somebody's polishing a turd?
Mr. Lahey, any smart lawyer
would want you as a client.
Well, you know, that slick suit
and shined shoes don't make you
half the man Annalise is.
I don't think you understand
what's at stake here.
Ooh-whee.
Now you gonna tell me
my business?
Your life depends
on this decision.
And your life depends on you
getting your ass out that door.
You want me
to throw you out?
But I might be old, but I can
still knock those teeth out.
I think you're gonna
regret this.
Hmm.
[mouse clicks]
I'm so sorry, Nate.
Just tell us why
he would do this.
My father. He wasn't
going to let us win.
-Me, or Annalise.
-[Annalise] Don't include me
in this.
I'm just saying my brother
wouldn't do this on his own.
-So you're defending him?
-[Laurel] No!
Then why didn't you
warn us about him?
I haven't seen him
in years.
But now he's a man capable
of killing his own mother?
No, I'm just trying to figure
this out like you--
I put your father in jail
so we wouldn't have to deal
with your family anymore!
We always knew Jorge
would be a threat.
-Don't protect her!
-She just found out
her mother died.
Everyone's dead!
Nate's father, Wes...
They're all dead
because of you!
Not Laurel, her family.
I'll do whatever I can
to fix this. Okay, Annalise?
I didn't think that this
was gonna happen!
Because you don't think, ever!
My point is
it's not Laurel's fault.
You're right.
It's your fault.
Because I never wanted to hire
her as an intern, anyway.
That was your penis
that decided that.
So fine.
Hate me, then.
I don't want
to hate anyone!
I just want my life back,
because this isn't a life!
It's hell. We're all living
in hell, and I want out!
[Christopher crying]
[speaking Spanish]
[crying continues]
[whispering indistinctly]
[Oliver sighs]
Maybe we, uh, test the DNA
to make sure it's her hair?
Or we can hand it
over to the FBI.
They can add it to evidence
on their little murder board.
So Laurel's brother
scalps us next?
I'm just saying, unless you
want to end up in coffins,
or you want to meet your birth
parents in an orange jumpsuit,
we need to come up with a plan.
Since when do you want to
meet your birth parents?
I sent in a stupid form.
It'll take weeks
to get a response.
I'll probably
change my mind by then.
[Michaela]
What did Annalise say?
Uh...
just that she hates me.
-Understandable, really.
-Ohh...
[Asher] I really need a whiff
of that magical baby scent
right about now.
Yeah, me too.
[indistinct whispering]
[knocking on door]
What...?
I told you no.
I figured, after
a good night's sleep,
you'd have come
to your senses.
You framed me
as a terrorist.
Professor Keating's
the only reason
I'm not locked up
right now.
She killed your father.
I think she owes you way more
than some free legal counsel.
Then why isn't she in jail?
She's a genius.
That is even more obvious now
that she's got you on her side.
I'm not on anyone's side.
Yours either.
Read this before
you decide that.
[Gabriel] Who is he?
Your mother's ex.
They were using
drugs together.
Her drugs.
Your mother survived too much
to go to jail, Gabriel.
But that's on you.
Choose Annalise,
or choose your mother.
[choir vocalizing]
We have about five minutes.
I only need one.
Crawford's phone logs
are fake.
You think that I have
the ability to fabricate
phone records?
Not you, but I'm sure you had
a donor who works in technology.
[scoffs]
I guess we'll fight
this out in court.
Who dug up my adoption papers
for you?
I bet it was that same donor.
Or was it D.A. Miller?
Look at where we are,
Annalise.
This is who I am.
Since when is blackmailing me
something Jesus would do?
You forced me into
this predicament.
30 years building
the life of my dreams,
and it's ruined because
of a lie you started.
You think that I have the power
to get the FBI
to investigate a governor?
Well, someone did.
And it worked.
But I'm innocent.
God knows that,
even if you don't.
I don't know
what's more fake,
you or
those phone records.
Then let the FBI
figure it out.
I had no choice but to send over
Mr. Crawford's records myself.
[Tegan] It's happening.
-[Annalise] What is?
-The FBI's here.
They're taking in Emmett
right now.
Go to him.
Tell him I'm gonna fix it.
Fix it?
-This is the Castillos.
-What?
They're framing Emmett.
I can prove it.
-Just go help him.
-I can't.
-We were wrong, Tegan.
-And who do you think that
family will come after next?
Me. So, I'm sorry...
I'm staying out of this.
Here.
Miller's burner logs.
Nate and I called
every number...
and this one,
right here...
-it's the only number
now disconnected.
-Stop.
Maybe it's Xavier's.
That would prove they
were working together.
No more assumptions.
Hey, you're right,
assumptions aren't proof,
but if we just
put our heads together--
I've been working
this case for weeks,
-telling myself Miller died
for the right reasons.
-That's still true.
He never said one word
that night about
working with anybody.
He would've ratted out
who put him up to this.
But he didn't.
No more guessing.
I didn't do this, Nate.
You and Bonnie
are wrong about this.
Mom, it's too early
for any of that.
All right, fine.
Her name's Bonnie.
And that's all
I'm telling you.
So if I hear
you called my secretary
to find out more
about her,
well, then,
I'm probably not gonna
bring her home
for Christmas, okay?
Um, can I call you back?
I love you, too.
Can I help you?
Depends.
Do you want to be the D.A.?
You don't wanna be
the interim guy.
You wanna be
the permanent one.
But you've got no clout,
and you've got no money
for a campaign.
We can offer you both of those,
just like we did for Denver.
You know, your father
is in jail for killing him.
Annalise Keating
killed Denver.
What are you
talking about?
Denver was about to
put Keating away.
She found out, so she fixed
both her problems at once.
I have proof.
Well, then, give it to the FBI.
They can help you get
your dad out of jail.
That's not why I'm here.
Yeah. You just offered
to buy my campaign.
So we can hit back
at Annalise.
I know
you want that, too.
How?
You're familiar with
her Supreme Court client, right?
Is it too early
to start drinking,
or should we just eat
our feelings?
You know who can't do
either of those things?
Everyone who's dead
on this board.
Some of whom we've killed.
[sighs] Okay.
-No more screen-time for you.
-Why?
Are you afraid
of facing your own guilt?
Now's not the time to be
thinking about this.
Look, the FBI knows that
we're the bad guys.
Laurel's mom's gift-bag-head
is in the other room.
Now is exactly the time
to be talking about this.
[cellphone vibrates]
-Gabriel wants me to come over.
-To "study"?
He says it's urgent.
[Connor] What about
Michaela and Asher?
Or the godparents
Christopher already has?
You think Frank and Annalise
should raise my child?
No. I think you
are going to raise your child.
It's just in case
something happens.
-Nothing's going to happen.
-Connor. Look at our lives.
Look, you need
a back-up plan, sure.
And Oliver, I get.
I want him to raise all
the babies in the world, too.
I never said I wanted a baby,
let alone all the babies.
I'm just asking for you
to think about it.
No, you drew up
legal guardianship documents
with our names on them.
I did it after I met your moms,
who are amazing.
Laurel, I -- I am moody
and-- and selfish.
Like, I'm probably
pathologically bad
at caring about
other people's emotions.
You care about Oliver,
and that was very clear
at the wedding.
-It was a wedding!
-Oh, cool. So, you didn't
mean any of that.
Listen to me, okay? This isn't
about what's best for me,
or for you, honestly.
It's what's best
for Christopher.
And looking back
at my childhood,
I had money, privilege --
everything a stable home
is supposed to provide
except for one thing:
love, okay?
And both of you have more
of that than any of us.
-Who let you in here?
-[door closes]
I said I was your lawyer.
You just have to hire me.
You just accused me
of killing a man, Annalise.
Because that's what
Jorge Castillo
wanted me to believe.
[sighs] Yeah, I know.
I had that same look on my face
when I found out.
But who else could fake
your phone records? Who?
And then, when you
consider the fact that
the governor fed them to me?
You have proof?
Yes.
Look...
I'm not going to waste your time
apologizing again.
Instead, I'm promising
to get you out of here
so you can run for D.A.
And I don't make
that promise to anyone.
[Frank] Annalise saw Emmett.
She'll call as soon
as she gets him out.
You hear from Nate?
Bon?
He was right.
There's no way this number
is Xavier's.
Why not?
Look at the date...
I was at Julie's then.
Ron was there for me that
whole time, calling every hour.
-And?
-There's no way he was planning
on killing Senior
during all of that.
I get why that's hard
to believe.
He wasn't that guy, Frank.
We were wrong.
I need to stay here.
I don't feel good
about this.
I love you, but now
I can handle this.
[Julie] I'll make it right.
Help you find him
if that's what you want.
She wants to help me
find him.
Like it's that easy.
And you?
Do you want to find him?
Tell me about your day.
-[chuckles]
-Please?
I just need to talk
about something normal.
Oh, God, normal, um...
[chuckles] Okay, uh...
Like how Peggy
spent about ten minutes
trying to tell me how
she couldn't upgrade my phone?
-Be nice to her.
-[chuckles]
-I'm too nice.
That's the problem.
-That is not a bad quality.
Mm, well, it is for a D.A.
-Stop.
-I'm serious.
How would you feel
if I decided not to run?
You've wanted this
your whole life.
I'm just thinking
about Denver.
You know, all the shady people
he had to get in bed with
to win a campaign?
So, do it your own way.
[chuckles] Yeah, like
it's that easy. Come on.
[sighs]
I'm sorry, honey,
I'm just...
I'm tired.
You'll call me first thing
in the morning?
Of course.
I love you.
I love you, too.
[breathes deeply]
[line ringing]
-[Xavier] Ron.
-Hey.
So I hope this is good news.
Yeah.
I'll do it.
[chuckles]
What do you need
from me?
[Nate] Warden.
Listen, I gave that footage
to Winterbottom.
It's one last gift
to the both of you.
You gave it to her
so she can cover your ass.
So you hear me out,
or that deal's over.
What do you need?
Xavier Castillo, was he involved
in my pops' transfer?
Who?
I'm serious. Miller was
the only guy I ever
talked to about your dad.
The earliest we can transfer
him is Monday morning.
Well, the hospital
I got him into
will have the spot filled
by then.
Well, you'll just have to
wait for a new spot.
Okay, you don't understand.
I need this transfer to happen
by tomorrow night at the latest.
We don't do transfers
at night.
Then make an exception.
Exceptions are how things
go wrong when you run a prison.
Come on, man, please.
Just help me out here,
okay?
It's important to me.
[Sykes] So I caved.
I went against my gut
and gave him his night transfer.
So, here we are.
And you're coming up to me
like I did something wrong.
-Your guards did
something wrong.
-That's it. We're done.
You know their story
makes no sense.
You were a cop.
You know what happens when
a perp reaches for your gun.
-That didn't happen!
-It happens all the time.
Especially, when you're
dealing with mental cases.
And your dad was one
of the worst.
[cellphone vibrates]
Hello?
[man] This is a collect call
from the Philadelphia Police
Department, 10th District.
-To accept the call, say yes.
-Yes.
-[Nate] It's me.
-What happened?
I went to the warden.
Things got heated.
What did you do?
It was just a little shove,
but I'm gonna need help.
-Of course. I'm on it.
-Wait.
Sykes said Miller forced him to
schedule the transfer at night.
What did I tell you?
Miller was part of it.
I'll get you out
as soon as I can.
He was guilty, Bon.
[sighs]
[cellphone vibrates]
-[Emmett] Bad news?
-Family crap.
Finally.
Here's the security footage
showing Xavier Castillo meeting
with Mr. Lahey last fall.
If that's not enough
to release my client,
then you need to look closer
at the phone records
that the governor gave you.
I'm sorry, did we tell you
what evidence we have
on Mr. Crawford?
The phone records were
completely fabricated
by the Castillos.
Now, I can tell you why,
or you could talk to his father
that you already have in prison.
So you believe Jorge Castillo
arranged Mr. Lahey's murder
to hit back at you?
And it worked.
Once they killed him,
it broke my career and my heart,
and here we are.
[clears throat]
Mr. Crawford, I don't think
I need to explain to you
that we're concerned
by your choice of attorney.
Concerned or intimidated?
You are a person of interest
in the death of
Ms. Keating's client.
Exactly. So in what world
would she represent me
if I killed Mr. Lahey?
Which he didn't, by the way.
Can he go now?
-Not yet.
-I just handed you your suspect
on a silver platter.
What more do you need?
An explanation of this recording
we discovered
in Mr. Crawford's office.
[Tegan] Emmett's guilty.
[Annalise] I want
to look him in the eye.
Make his guilty ass sweat.
Now would you like to consider
hiring different counsel?
[Gabriel] If I show you this,
it means I'm trusting you
with my life.
That is perhaps too big
of an ask at this stage
in our relationship.
-Will you listen?
-Okay.
I'm here.
Telesco wants me to help her
find something on Annalise.
I told her no, but...
but then
she brought me this.
It's my mom's ex.
Telesco's gonna say that
my mom gave him the drugs.
It's enough
for a murder charge.
-She's bluffing.
-Either way,
if my mom finds out--
Your mom's gonna find out
eventually.
No. If she finds out the truth
about the drugs...
What does that mean?
Wait, y-you did this?
I'll tell you once you pass the
bar and you can be my lawyer.
So, I'm right.
This was you?
Just give me something
on Annalise that involves
Sam's case, or-or Miller's--
-Annalise didn't do
anything wrong.
-Then why won't Telesco stop?
-I don't know!
-No, you do know.
-You know, just like everyone
else in that house does.
-No, we don't.
Then what was Laurel gonna
tell Telesco to get immunity?
-What?
-[door opens]
Laurel Castillo! Get your ass
downstairs right now!
-What happened?
-I'm gonna make her tell you.
Tell you what?
Did you meet with Agent Telesco
so she could offer you immunity?
Immunity for what?
Is Gabriel lying, or is Telesco
lying, or are you lying?
I didn't meet with her
about immunity.
-So you lied to us?
-Snake!
No, I just wanted her help
figuring out if it was my mother
making those calls.
So you asked her
for a deal?
Okay, Telesco brought up
an immunity deal.
I obviously said no!
Well, then,
why not just tell us that?
To prevent this
from happening!
Or you were actually thinking
of turning on us.
Look, I have a son, okay?
I have to consider every
opportunity to protect him.
-Are you off your meds again?
-What does that mean, Connor?
An hour ago,
you asked Oliver and me
to be Christopher's guardians,
-and now we find out this?
-You did what?
Guardian like parent?
Why would you even ask us
if you were gonna make a deal?
Because I didn't take the deal.
And this is exactly why
Telesco went to Gabriel.
So that we would
all turn on each other!
And, look, it's working.
How are we supposed to believe
anything that comes out
of your mouth anymore?
["Never Did"
by Perfume Genius plays]
Where are you going?
Probably
to get her gun.
This is Christopher's blanket
from the wedding.
Look.
That's Miller's blood, okay?
I could've used this
to get immunity and disappeared
with my son, but I didn't.
Because I am loyal
to all of you.
[voice breaking]
Just like you are to me.
In the basement
You have to go to the FBI
and help Emmett.
-I can't represent him anymore.
-What happened?
They have the recording of us
in your office the other night.
Oh, dear.
Inmate Nate Lahey.
-Nate's in jail?
-[sighs]
Just go to Emmett.
We owe him.
If you can't represent him,
neither can I.
But only you know
the Castillos.
Like I said, that is who
I'm terrified of.
Tegan, we are too strong
and too smart
to let these bastards
scare the fight out of us.
Or is that just me?
I'm on my way.
- It's all part of his plan
-[door buzzes, then opens]
Hi.
It's all in his hands
You get me out?
Bonnie's working on it.
Why aren't you?
I barely pushed the guy,
Annalise.
That's not what the witnesses
are saying.
I just want the truth.
Even if that means watching you
end up like your father?
Locked away
till you lose your mind?
I'm not him.
Then stop using your fists
to get answers.
Otherwise, we're all gonna
end up in here.
Just get me out.
In the basement
Yeah, yeah
[Dr. Groff]
Mr. Lahey stabbed
Officer Gladden
in her right leg,
then reached for her gun.
[gasps]
The only way I'll let the air
back in your lungs
is if you tell me who ordered
the hit on Lahey.
-Nod "yes."
-[choking]
[gasping]
Lie, and the next neck to
get this cord is your son.
I'll tell you.
I swear it.
-All right, say bye-bye.
-[gasps]
He paid us!
We tried to say no.
-Who paid you?
-[gasping]
[voice breaking]
Xavier Castillo.
Mr. Crawford, perhaps you didn't
understand what we meant
by conflict of interest.
I'm not here as his counsel.
I'm here to make a statement.
Ms. Price, you're not
a person of interest here.
No, I'm a material witness
on this case.
This drive contains numerous
instances of proof
that phone records can and have
been doctored by the Castillos.
You don't think
it's a little convenient
that you're only coming forward
with this evidence now?
You mean
because I'm Jane Doe?
My deal with Agent Telesco
was only to provide you
with Antares documents related
to illegal activities
concerning going public.
The evidence on this drive
wasn't part of that.
You're willing to testify
to that under oath?
-Yes.
-No, that's a breach
of privilege.
You could get disbarred.
Only if someone
inside this room talks.
But I'm taking this risk
because that's how certain I am
that Mr. Crawford is innocent
of any involvement
in Nathaniel Senior's murder.
This doesn't explain why
the Castillos would frame
Mr. Crawford for the murder.
Actually, it does.
I'm running for D.A.
The Castillos have
a history of keeping
D.A.s in their pocket.
Having interacted with me
at C&G, they know
I can't be bought.
Can we kiss
and make up now?
No chance we're gonna
make it that easy.
I agree,
and I'm the nice one.
Connor?
I got our fix.
Kubecka v. State of New York!
Who can brief me on the case?
Let me help you.
Mr. Kubecka was a garbage
contractor who informed
on the mob and got killed.
The court found that the agents
on the case were in breach
of their duty to provide
reasonable protection
for an informant.
-This is about Gabriel?
-Not just Gabriel,
but Laurel's mother.
You told Telesco that your mom,
an informant
in Witness Protection,
may be in trouble.
They did nothing,
and look what happened.
We take the bag to the FBI,
argue that Telesco breached
her duty to protect Sandrine.
They'll fire Telesco.
She'll stop threatening Gabriel.
Tell me that I'm not
a brilliant stud that you all
want to shag right now.
No.
This was a warning.
If my brother finds out
that we go to the FBI,
he's gonna kill me
and Christopher next.
-He won't know.
-He wasn't even supposed to know
where my mother was, either.
Okay, well,
that was my best idea.
Gladden's been lying
this whole time.
So why believe that she's
suddenly telling the truth?
I can be very convincing.
As you know.
What happened to you
being a better Frank?
Maybe everybody else is better
if I'm just Frank.
-You believe her?
-Of course.
Xavier is Jorge's little bitch.
And for the rest of it, well...
that's for the two of us
to figure out.
What do you mean
"the rest of it"?
[cellphone rings]
Annalise?
You ready to do
what you promised?
What did I promise?
To fix this
for all of us.
Xavier, hi.
-Ma'am, please step back.
-Mitch, it's my sister.
I'm so happy to see you.
[Annalise] And me?
You happy to see me, too?
[Michaela]
This is Michaela Pratt.
A text or e-mail
is preferred to voicemail.
Um, look...
i-if you don't
want to help me, fine.
I-I'm used to handling things
on my own, anyway.
I just thought that maybe
someone smarter than me
could help me with this one,
but...no worries.
I'll be good.
Why am I starting
to feel sorry for him?
Because he's smart.
That's what he wants.
-And I want to help him.
-Michaela.
Gabriel told us
that Telesco came to him
when he didn't have to.
Why would he do that
if we couldn't trust him?
And -- And I know
that makes me sound naive,
but... he has no one.
Meanwhile,
we all have each other.
Allegedly.
Laurel almost sold us out,
and my idea was good.
She was the only one
that said no.
But it's the only way
that we take down Telesco
and stall her stupid
Operation Bonfire.
Take action now,
ask for forgiveness later.
That's what
Annalise would do.
And what you did
with Simon.
Enough about Simon.
It worked, didn't it?
[Asher] I say we take a vote.
If it's not unanimous,
we don't do it.
So, who's in?
So, are you gonna deny
this is you?
Say someone Photoshopped
your head?
[in Spanish]
Is she making you do this?
Stop.
[in Spanish] Dad said
she was brainwashing you...
[in English] Can you just
tell me why you did this?
-Don't tell me
you did this for Dad.
-What is it you think I did?
You paid those guards
to kill him!
-No, no, no. I tried to get him
to fire his lawyer, that's all.
-Why?
-Why? Because this woman
has destroyed our family.
-Oh, please.
Your family was destroyed
before I came along.
You wanted to hurt me, and this
was your sick way of doing it.
If I wanted to hurt you, I'd
hurt you and not the old man.
Oh, how?
By burning me up in my house?
Scalping my head?
-What?
-You know what
she's talking about.
-No, I don't.
-What you did to Mom.
-[door opens]
-We're told you have evidence
regarding Sandrine Castillo?
[Asher] Yes, sir.
Uh, I came on behalf of Laurel
Castillo, who was, uh, too
scared to come here herself.
-Why?
-The last time she was here,
she talked to Agent Telesco
and told her that
her mother might be in danger.
She did nothing, and...
this, uh, arrived at her door.
It's Sandrine Castillo's.
We believe she was killed
by her son.
[Xavier] I haven't heard
from Mom in months.
[Laurel] Because she didn't want
you to know where she was.
Yeah, but you knew
where she was?
No. But she called me
on Christmas. You probably
already know that,
'cause that's how
you found out where she was.
You were the last one that saw
her alive, Laurel, not me.
And she begged me to forgive
her. She dug her nails into
my arm asking me not to leave,
because she knew that
Christopher and I
weren't gonna be safe.
And that's exactly
what happened.
She was right.
-You've turned into Dad.
-[Connor] Your mom's
just being careful.
There's no way that
I'd have to be your dad.
-[coos]
- Even though I would
be good at it,
because I think
you're very cool.
And funny.
And smart.
Just like your mom and dad.
It's no surprise there.
-[babbling]
-Wow.
-[chuckles]
-[Oliver laughs]
[babbling continues]
You know,
if Laurel doesn't die,
maybe we should have
a baby of our own.
[scoffs]
[playful gasp]
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa!
[Xavier] You're not making
any sense right now.
Can you just tell us
the truth, Xavier?
You know, all I ever wanted
was for you to be happy.
Now look at what this woman
has done to you.
I told you that he would
just lie. Can we go?
You go, I still have
something to say.
I don't care
what you have to say.
What did you offer Miller?
Hmm? Tell me.
Did you promise to make him
D.A.? Pay for his campaign?
Do you want
to be the D.A.?
But you couldn't win him over,
could you? Because it's too easy
to play you.
So that's what he did.
-So I hope this is good news.
-[Miller] Yeah.
I'll do it.
What do you need from me?
Talk to the Warden.
Get the old man a transfer
on Thursday morning.
My guards will be
working then.
Thursday morning, got it.
You took his word for it.
You believed
he would help you,
and, instead,
the boy played you,
because you couldn't bribe
a pathetic interim D.A.
to get what you needed.
You don't understand
I need this transfer to happen
by tomorrow night at the latest.
We don't do transfers at night.
Then make an exception.
I bet that happens a lot
in your life. People take
advantage of your bad instincts.
That's why your father fought
so hard to get Laurel back.
She's the one who shares
his mind, his gut.
You're the disappointment.
It's why you fight so hard
for Daddy's love,
but you fail every time.
Just like you failed at this.
Who says I failed?
[reporter] Police have just
confirmed that
Nathaniel Lahey Senior,
the named plaintiff in a recent
Supreme Court case,
was fatally shot this evening.
-Details have yet to emerge...
-[cellphone rings]
...but reporters say Lahey
was being transferred
to a mental health facility
when the shooting occurred.
Nice try
with the early transfer.
I guess
I underestimated you.
And you, me.
You play me again, I will
take out everyone you love.
The girlfriend first.
I'm sure your father is not
happy about the mess
you made here.
You're not as good at this
as you think you are.
Did the governor approach you
with this plan? Huh?
She promise to get your father
out of jail? Pardon him?
Laurel, I'll be here
whenever you need me, okay?
-Be careful how far
you want to push this.
-Why should I be careful?
You're the one helping
the governor to bring me down,
but guess what?
-I'm still standing.
-Yeah, so why come here, huh?
-Just so you could shout at me?
-Shut up. You're just as boring
as you think.
But you lost this round, boo.
And the FBI has everything
they need to arrest you
and your pathetic ass.
Turn yourself in.
Maybe they'll let you share
the same cell as your father.
Just let me go.
You and Dad.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[line rings]
Yeah, it's me.
They know more.
[Birkhead] Of course they do.
So, Plan B?
She's given us
no other choice.
This is insane.
Okay. I know this isn't
a celebration, per se,
but I feel like we need
to toast to the fact
that we got
an FBI agent fired,
a move that AK should
pay me the 64K for,
even if Xavier comes
and tries to kill us.
So, who wants a shot?
Please tell me
no one else is dead.
Michaela might die
when she finds this out.
What?
I hacked
Louisiana Family Services
and found her birth father.
Who is it?
His name's Dwight.
Oh. Sounds like
a nice guy's name.
Annalise knew him.
[knocking on door]
Hey.
I fixed your problem.
Well, it was mostly Asher.
What do you mean?
Agent Telesco is no longer
an employee at the FBI.
Wait, what? Are you serious?
Y-You're all good. Well,
until the next agent shows up--
If we had only known
In a way
I'm sorry.
W-Was that okay?
[sighs] I'm not sure.
[sighs]
We deserve to feel good
for once.
You were my only home
Silver eyes
Hello?
Mrs. Maddox?
I'd like to talk to you
about your son Gabriel.
Not sure if I should
be celebrating or
drowning my sorrows.
Both.
You dodged the FBI,
not the Castillos.
Mmm.
You've been holding a lot.
Yeah.
But looked hot doing it.
Always.
[chuckles]
Here.
I'm a gin girl.
Don't move until I'm back.
We'll get stupid.
If we had only known
[Birkhead] Good evening,
my fellow Pennsylvanians.
As many of you know,
news reports have stated
that the FBI has been
investigating my office
regarding the deaths
of Nathaniel Lahey Senior
and D.A. Ronald Miller.
While I can confirm
those reports are true,
I can also assure you,
without a shadow of a doubt,
that these allegations
are nothing more than lies.
I, therefore, have no other
choice but to speak my truth
to all of you here tonight.
Why am I here?
Nate Lahey Senior.
People are asking questions,
threatening me.
-Who?
-I don't want to say.
I just...
want to tell the truth.
You want a deal?
Only if you tell me
who gave you the order.
D.A. Miller.
We will feel the weight
-You believe her?
-Of course.
Xavier is Jorge's little bitch.
And for the rest of it, well...
that's for the two of us
to figure out.
Searching our past
What do you mean,
"the rest of it"?
Miller begged for the transfer
to happen at night
before Xavier wanted,
so the shooting wouldn't happen.
He was innocent.
You and I
They can't know.
[Frank] You're a good mother.
You want to protect your kid,
not worry about me sneaking
through his window one night.
Please, I'll do
whatever you want.
This is A.D.A.
Winterbottom's number.
Ask for a deal, and then tell
her Miller ordered the hit.
I don't know
who Miller was working for,
but he paid us off,
prepped me before I took
the stand at the inquest.
While I've respectfully
let the FBI do their work
for the past few weeks,
I've now lost faith
in the impartiality
of their investigation.
This is a smear campaign,
as fake as fake news gets.
[buzzer]
-What is it?
-Gladden confessed.
It was Ron.
The weight
Fall away from us
No more hating yourself, okay?
It's done.
For the true
[Birkhead] What the FBI
is refusing to tell the public
is that there is
another person of interest
in both Mr. Lahey
and D.A. Miller's murders.
This individual
has been protected
by a powerful law firm.
[sighs]
Miller was innocent?
You're a parent.
You know that there
are certain things
children shouldn't know.
Annalise...
[voice breaking] You've
done so much to protect me.
[sniffling]
So, I just want to say
thank you.
I want to see you shine
Let's get the hell home.
I can only guess
that this is why
the FBI's ignoring
the damning evidence
I've personally seen
with my own eyes.
Evidence that proves
that one person
orchestrated the shooting
of Mr. Lahey.
[cellphone rings]
Tell me you got him out.
-Not for long.
-[Annalise] What?
The Governor just pointed
the finger at Emmett on live TV.
The foundation
of our justice system...
is that we are all innocent
until proven guilty.
Well, I've proven my innocence
to the authorities
and to all of you.
I don't believe Mr. Crawford
can do the same.
[gasping]
Searching our past
For the true
I'm supposed to go upstairs and
get drunk with him right now.
What the hell do I tell him?
All right, keep him calm
until I'm there.
Okay. Who's gonna
keep me calm?
You are my rock.
Stop panicking.
Can I come sleep
at your place tonight, then?
'Cause you know Jorge's
probably sending his hitmen
over right now.
I'm not gonna
let that happen.
I want to see you shine
Laurel?
Laurel, where are you?
Laurel?!
Where's Christopher?
He's in the nursery. Why?
[Asher] What's wrong, Frank?
He's passed out.
You and I
[cellphone rings]
Is he okay?
He's gone, Annalise.
He's gone.
They're both gone.
No, he's right here.
It's on a loop...
They took 'em, Annalise.
They took 'em...
Laurel!
You and I